---
layout: page
title: "Terms of Use"
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
April 18 2024

# Terms of Use

Welcome to Memoji Sticker Maker! By accessing or using our app, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following Terms of Use. Please read these terms carefully before using our app.

## 1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing or using our app, you agree to abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any part of these terms, you may not use the app.

## 2. Non-commercial Use
'Memoji Sticker Maker' is intended for non-commercial use only. This means that you may create and use stickers generated by the app for personal enjoyment and non-commercial purposes. Commercial use, such as selling stickers created with the app or using them for business purposes, is strictly prohibited.

## 3. User Content
You are solely responsible for the content you create using our app. You may not create or share content that violates the rights of others or is illegal.

## 4. Prohibited Activities
While using, you agree not to:
• Reverse engineer, modify, or decompile the app.
• Distribute or sell stickers created with the app for commercial purposes.
• Use the app for any unlawful or malicious purposes.

## 5. Termination
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to our app, if you violate these Terms of Use. We will notify you of any termination or suspension and provide you with the opportunity to appeal.

## 6. Changes to Terms
We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time. We will notify you of any changes and provide you with the opportunity to review the updated terms before continuing to use the app.
